we've done this
good I just started watching you guys oh
my god um okay I'm sorry to have to do
this can you please yeah sorry I just
have a good read on this has to be done
okay so we don't have a lot of like
unknown fans on this channel but there's
a few that we do have and one in
particular has been messaging us
Nellie's her name
Nellie Nellie is one of our biggest most
dedicated viewers who's been with us
since the beginning no you guys are the
best keep up the amazing work I'm sure
you're inspiring lots of people
including myself maybe I'll bump into
the streets in Montreal who knows ah
what about today now a couple of weeks
ago her boyfriend Aaron messaged us
asking us if he could help him surprise
her for her birthday celebrate it by
taking her out of her comfort zone just
something she's been wanting to do for a
while so the point you had to take her
out for comfortable comfort zone would
be to make him comfortable enough to
start making her own YouTube videos this
is out of our comfort zone as well I'm
mostly scared because of her mic
reaction oh my god a song alright so
right behind you
yeah I think they're right behind
are they watching us now right over
there
I can make it at just boys
Oh
bit too simple goals help her stop
caring about what people think by taking
her out of her comfort zone and we
create our favorite adventure from our
Channel
let's start by getting here and to show
her how it's done I went first I'm about
to lie down in the middle of the
freaking street right here right here
you're thinking I'm okay
yeah
and now Nellie's turn it's white it's
gonna close my eyes and over the bed
alright I know yes no heart is beating
so fast
yeah
yeah I'm good I'm very comfortable thank
you
all right you're good to go you just
convinced a complete stranger how is
that terrifying how you feel now a bit
better it's fun rolling I'm single yeah
oh wow but if you know us we had to make
things harder so the next step in our
comfort zone boot camp was for her to
tell a bad joke in public for you very
long ago yeah exactly right and this
time she wouldn't by herself
excuse me everyone I have a joke to tell
you guys so there's a maze and there's
four sides to it in the middle there's a
money prize on the outside there's Bill
Gates the Easter Bunny the boogeyman and
a smart blonde who will get to the
middle first
Bill Gates because the other ones don't
exist
shot one guy left
I think it's fair that two blonde oh we
wanted things to end on a more
adventurous note able to see Gilligan
you guys think the Sun good all right we
had to find a way to recreate her
favorite episode
climbing the top modules biggest
abandoned building silo number five and
when we arrived it was waiting for us
and dead silence we found a new entrance
to the top and slowly made our way up
these seem very Wow like when you're
down on the ground stuff like these
these seem very gigantic and
overwhelming and whatever when you're in
something like this this is actually
when you realize how actually tough it
gets when we got to the top one of the
most random things possible happen dude
no no just just say hello please please
don't stand him
we ran into friends I get in it and at
the top Darrin discovered that he had a
slight fear okay I've seen the bottom
it's fine but to end this video on a
high note here's one of Nellie's dreams
come true because Nellie's about to do
her first vlog be nice on this Oh God
Oh guys
hi hello everyone welcome to my vlogs
right now I'm with the guy some
generation why not and we're on top of
silo number five look at this you see
one Thursday
oh my scratch my nuts
why not he's getting my muttering
scratch